---
layout: page
order: 2
title: Organizers
permalink: /organizers
---


- <b>Tatsuki Kuribayashi (MBZUAI, [tatsuki.kuribayashi@mbzuai.ac.ae](mailto:tatsuki.kuribayashi@mbzuai.ac.ae))</b> is a postdoctoral researcher in the natural language processing (NLP) department at [MBZUAI](https://mbzuai.ac.ae/) in the United Arab Emirates.
He received his Ph.D. from Tohoku University, Japan.
His research interest is utilizing modern NLP techniques to understand humans and languages scientifically. His studies especially focus on modeling human reading behavioral data with modern language models, exploring the factors accelerating linguistic generalization of language models, and analyzing NLP models from linguistic and/or neuro-symbolic perspectives.
His involved research has won the AACL-IJCNLP 2022 SRW Best Paper Award and the ACL 2023 SRW Best Paper Award.

- <b>Giulia Rambelli (University of Bologna, [giulia.rambelli4@unibo.it](mailto:giulia.rambelli4@unibo.it))</b> is a postdoctoral researcher for the [ABSTRACTION](https://abstraction.it/) project at the University of Bologna. She obtained a joint PhD degree in Linguistics from the University of Pisa (Italy) and Aix-Marseille University (France). Her research is at the intersection between theoretical linguistics, cognitive science, and machine learning. She is interested in the underlying mechanisms of sentence interpretation and productivity from a usage-based perspective. She investigates the balance between compositional and direct access to meaning and how the cognitive process of analogy can be represented as a source of linguistic productivity from a theoretical and computational perspective. Her papers have won international awards, including the Baidu AACL-IJCNLP Best Paper Award 2020, the Best Paper Award at \*SEM 2021, and the Outstanding Paper Award at MWE 2023.

- <b>Ece Takmaz (University of Amsterdam, [ece.takmaz@uva.nl](mailto:ece.takmaz@uva.nl))</b> is a final-year PhD candidate at the Institute for Logic, Language and Computation (ILLC), University of Amsterdam. She is part of the [Dialogue Modelling Group](https://dmg-illc.github.io/dmg/) led by Raquel Fernández. She has a background in artificial intelligence and cognitive science. Her interests lie in multimodal NLP, in particular, the integration of vision and language in deep neural networks for tasks such as image captioning, visual question answering, and multimodal dialogue modelling. In addition, she works on incorporating cognitive signals such as eye-tracking data into multimodal models, inspired by the relation between visual and linguistic processes in human cognition. She was one of the co-chairs of the EACL 2021 Student Research Workshop.

- <b>Philipp Wicke(Ludwig Maximilian University LMU, [pwicke@cis.lmu.de](mailto:pwicke@cis.lmu.de))</b> is an Akadem. Rat (~ Assistant Professor) at the Center for Information and Language Processing at LMU, Munich. He is part of the NLP research group lead by Prof. Hinrich Schuetze. Wicke has a background in Cognitive Science and Computational Linguistics, completing his PhD at the University College Dublin, UCD under supervisor Prof. Tony Veale. His interests lie in the interdisciplinary connections of language, creativity, cognition and embodiment. Wicke is the Head of AI Applications at the NGO [AI for People](https://www.aiforpeople.org/) and associate member of the Munich Center of Machine Learning (MCML).
  
- <b>Yohei Oseki (University of Tokyo, [oseki@g.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp](mailto:oseki@g.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp))</b> is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Language and Information Sciences at the University of Tokyo and a visiting scholar at RIKEN Center for Advanced Intelligence Project (AIP). Before joining University of Tokyo, he received a Ph.D. from the Department of Linguistics at New York University in 2018 and was a visiting scholar at the Department of Linguistics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. His research integrates natural language processing with the cognitive and brain sciences of language and attempts to build machines that process natural language like humans. He founded Computational Psycholinguistics Tokyo (CPT) and also organized various workshops on computational psycholinguistics and cognitive neuroscience.

